[CDE] AWS Self Hosted Gitspaces Documentation (#11079)
harness/developer-hub: docs/cloud-development-environments/self-hosted-gitspaces/steps/content/infra/gitspace-infra-ui-aws.md

import RedirectIfStandalone from '@site/src/components/DynamicMarkdownSelector/RedirectIfStandalone';

<RedirectIfStandalone label="AWS" targetPage="/docs/cloud-development-environments/self-hosted-gitspaces/steps/gitspace-infra-ui" />

This is your **first step** in configuring **Self Hosted Gitspaces** on **AWS Cloud Infrastructure**. 

In order to get started with Self Hosted Gitspaces, you'll first need to **configure your infrastructure**. This infrastructure is where your Gitspaces will be hosted, so you must **define and configure it from Harness UI**. This guide will take you through the detailed steps to configure your AWS infrastructure using the Harness UI.

---

## Prerequisites

1. Ensure you've enabled the feature flag ``CDE_HYBRID_ENABLED`` in your Harness account since Self Hosted Gitspaces are currently available behind this feature flag. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable this feature flag.
2. Ensure you've read through the [Overview & Key Concepts](/docs/cloud-development-environments/self-hosted-gitspaces/fundamentals.md) of Self Hosted Gitspaces. This will help you gain a deeper understanding of the basic concepts and setup steps.

> 3. Only users with **Account-level access** can configure Gitspace infrastructure for now. Read more about the [Permissions Hierarchy](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness#permissions-hierarchy-scopes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Only users with **Account-level access** can configure Gitspace infrastructure for now. Go to [Permissions Hierarchy](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/role-based-access-control/rbac-in-harness#permissions-hierarchy-scopes) for more details.
```

### Access Gitspace Infrastructure

1. Only users with the **Account-level access** can configure Gitspace Infrastructure.
2. Navigate to the **Cloud Development Environments** module and open your **Account Settings**.
3. In the side navbar under Account Settings, select **Gitspace Infrastructure**.

![](../../static/access-gitspace-infra.png)

### Provide Basic Infrastructure Details

1. **Infrastructure Name**: Provide a **name** for your **Gitspace infrastructure**. This name will be used while referencing your infrastructure for creating Gitspaces.
2. **VPC CIDR Block**: Enter your **VPC CIDR Block** to specify the IP range for the VPC.
3. **Domain**: Provide the **domain** under which all Gitspaces created in this infrastructure will be accessible.
4. **CDE Gateway Instance Type**: Specify the **instance type** for your CDE Gateway.

![](../../static/aws-hybrid-1.png)

### Configure Regions

> You can add and configure regions for Gitspaces. Note that users will only be able to host Gitspaces in these defined regions. Click on **New Region** to add a new region. While using **AWS Cloud Infrastructure** for your Self Hosted Gitspaces, you'll need to take care of the following rules: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add and configure regions for Gitspaces. 

:::info gitspace regions
You can only be able to host Gitspaces in these defined regions. 
:::

Click on **New Region** to add a new region. 
For **AWS Cloud Infrastructure** for your Self Hosted Gitspaces, ensure that you have the following: 
```

> 1. It's mandatory to add at least **two availability zones** for each region in your infrastructure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. At least **two availability zones** for each region in your infrastructure. 
```

> 2. For every availability zone, you need to provide the **private subnet CIDR block** and **public subnet CIDR block**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For every availability zone, provide the **private subnet CIDR block** and **public subnet CIDR block**. 
```

Use this updated YAML to [reapply your Terraform module](/docs/cloud-development-environments/self-hosted-gitspaces/steps/gitspace-infra-terraform.md) to reflect the changes. You can learn more about this process in the [next steps](#next-steps).

### Delete Gitspace Infrastructure
:::warning **Warning: Irreversible Action**

Deleting your infrastructure is **permanent** and **cannot be undone**. This action will permanently remove your entire infrastructure configuration. 

Please proceed **only if you are absolutely certain** you want to delete this infrastructure.
:::

You can **delete your infrastructure** from the **Gitspace Infrastructure UI**. Please note that only users with **account-level access** are permitted to perform this action.

You can delete the **Gitspace Infrastructure** only if the following conditions are met:

* All **Gitspaces** associated with this infrastructure have been deleted.
* All **Machines** associated with this infrastructure have been deleted.

If these conditions are not met, you will not be able to delete the Gitspace Infrastructure.

> #### Deleting Gitspaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Delete Gitspaces
```

We should use instructive language rather than suggestion, so we avoid Gerunds (ing's) in headings
Styleguide ref: https://harness.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DOCS/pages/21544468526/Harness+documentation+style+guide#Headings%2C-titles

Author: I'll make this change in a separate PR since we'll have to make this change throughout our docs.
